add abna attachment to calendar
blog
pay bestbuy
consolidate mom's inboxes
Teach mom how to crop photos and format them with text in Word


Nisha Prudhomme, MBA
Front-End Web Developer

<div id="header-wrapper">
				<div class="bannertitle">Acadiana Black Nurses Association</div>
				<div class="container">

Pedagogy is the driver, technology is the accelerator. - Michael Fullan
EdShelf
Graphite.org



Software & Hardware (2 days; PowerPoint on global drive)                
                Intro to Desktop Publishing
                Presentation Software
                Identifying File Types, Purposes & Extensions
                Understanding File Types
                Computer Hardware
                Software and Information Systems     
(C)  use available reference tools such as user manuals, both online and written, as appropriate;

“Have you ever opened a file and it was just a bunch of symbols? That’s
because you used the wrong software to open the file.”

File TYpes, Application Software, File Management
programming
finish abna website
olando invoice
weebly tutorial


Click on Help and Support to open the Windows Help and Support window.  In the Find an Answer section, point to Troubleshooting, as shown in the figure. 

Details view in the Computer window provides information regard-
ing the storage media devices on your computer. Complete the 
following:
 1. Using Details view, select the various media devices on your 
computer. 
 2. Create a list indicating the total size, free space, and number of 
items on each device. To display the number of items, double-
click the storage device icon. The number of items is indicated 
in the Details pane.

Windows System Restore can help fix problems that are causing your 
computer to run slowly or not respond. Complete the following:
 1. Use Windows Help and Support to review the Windows System 
Restore feature. 
 2. Use your word-processing program and write a short overview 
of what you learned.

Office Live is a free online workspace where you can store all 
types of documents, even those not created with Microsoft Office. 
Complete the following:
 1. Visit the Office Live Web site at www.officelive.com, read about 
the Office Live service, and then create and save a document 
with a bulleted list of the top five features of Office Live. 
 2. On the Office Live home page, click the Get a Free Workspace 
button (or similar option) to set up a free Office Live account.	 3. In the Office Live Workspace, click Add Documents, and then 
copy to your workspace the document with the bulleted list of 
Office Live features.
 4. Click the check box for the document, and then click Share and 
Share Document.
 5. In the Editors and Viewers text box, enter your instructor’s 
e-mail address, and then send the e-mail to your instructor.


Biometric technology is the automated method of recognizing a 
person based on a physiological or behavioral characteristic. Use 
the Internet and other sources to research this topic. 
 1. Use your favorite search engine to search for Web pages 
discussing biometric technology.
 2. Based on your findings, create a document listing the pros and 
cons of biometric technology. Include your personal opinion 
about this topic.
 3. Submit the document to your instructor as requested.

Google has a feature that focuses solely on blog searching. This fea-
ture, called Blog Search, is located at www.google.com/blogsearch. Access this Web site and then search for increase computer speed. 
Write a one-page report on what you learned. 


Welcome to the Black Nurses Association of Acadiana's official website. ABNA in collaboration with the National Black Nurses Association (NBNA) is a professional nursing organization working to reduce health disparities among African Americans and other minority communities in the Acadiana area.

Dr. Enrica Kinchen Singleton was the keynote speaker of the 2014 ABNA President's Gala. She was presented the Trailblazer Award for her continued commitment to the nursing profession and her tireless efforts in nursing academia and public health. Dr. Singleton began her nursing career at the Lafayette Charity Hospital in 1956 and continued practice in New Orleans from 1965-1974. In 1974, she began her career as a nurse educator. Dr. Singleton also served on the Louisiana State Board of Nursing from 1996 to 2002. She is a funded researcher, author, and was inducted into the Louisiana Nurses Foundation Hall of Fame in 2010. In honor of this trailblazing nurse, the ABNA scholarship has been named the Dr. Enrica Kinchen Singleton Nursing Scholarship.

2015 COMMUNITY SERVICE IMPACT AWARD
The Diabetic Kitchen
Recipient of this year’s Community Service Impact Award is “The Diabetic Kitchen.” This award is given to an organization or individual that has displayed outstanding and exemplary community service. ABNAs recognizes individuals or organizations that have made a significant impact on creating healthy lives in their community and the Acadiana region.



I'm limited to $750 per transaction.  Sending $750 + $324.59 + $16.00 (wire fees) for order list sent on 8/11/2015 for BPOs

